README.md, before:

# Version control of code and data using Git & DataLad

## Description

Welcome to the [Version Control Book](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-book/), a resource created in the context of a [version control course](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-course-uhh-ws23/) at [Universität Hamburg](https://www.uni-hamburg.de) for the academic year 2023/2024.
The Version Control Book aims to summarize all the relevant course contents for the students, effectively serving as a textbook for this course.

The book also aims to serve as an open-source learning resource for everyone, with a particular emphasis on providing guidance for researchers learning version control using Git/GitHub

## Contributing

We invite students, developers, and data scientists, as well as anybody else, to contribute to this collaborative effort.
Before contributing, please read the CONTRIBUTING.md file for guidelines on how to get involved.
The project utilizes [Quarto](https://quarto.org) as the foundation for the book. 

To maintain consistency and readability, we follow a [style guide](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-book/misc/style-guide.html). 
Please refer to the Style Guide for details on formatting, coding standards, and other conventions.

We appreciate your contributions and look forward to building a comprehensive and valuable resource on version control.

## Usage

To render and preview, execute:

```bash
quarto preview
```

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://lennartwittkuhn.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42233065?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Lennart Wittkuhn"/><br /><sub><b>Lennart Wittkuhn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/issues?q=author%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#financial-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="#ideas-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#talk-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/konradpa"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/135045175?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Konrad Pagenstedt"/><br /><sub><b>Konrad Pagenstedt</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/issues?q=author%3Akonradpa" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=konradpa" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-konradpa" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-konradpa" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=konradpa" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-konradpa" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#ideas-konradpa" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-konradpa" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Akonradpa" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://www.oneukrainian.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/39889?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Yaroslav Halchenko"/><br /><sub><b>Yaroslav Halchenko</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/issues?q=author%3Ayarikoptic" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=yarikoptic" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#infra-yarikoptic" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Ayarikoptic" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

[![Quarto Publish](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)
[![Codespell](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml)

Commit message:

add license information to README.md

README.md, after:

# Version control of code and data using Git & DataLad

## Description

Welcome to the [Version Control Book](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-book/), a resource created in the context of a [version control course](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-course-uhh-ws23/) at [Universität Hamburg](https://www.uni-hamburg.de) for the academic year 2023/2024.
The Version Control Book aims to summarize all the relevant course contents for the students, effectively serving as a textbook for this course.

The book also aims to serve as an open-source learning resource for everyone, with a particular emphasis on providing guidance for researchers learning version control using Git/GitHub

## Contributing

We invite students, developers, and data scientists, as well as anybody else, to contribute to this collaborative effort.
Before contributing, please read the CONTRIBUTING.md file for guidelines on how to get involved.
The project utilizes [Quarto](https://quarto.org) as the foundation for the book. 

To maintain consistency and readability, we follow a [style guide](https://lennartwittkuhn.com/version-control-book/misc/style-guide.html). 
Please refer to the Style Guide for details on formatting, coding standards, and other conventions.

We appreciate your contributions and look forward to building a comprehensive and valuable resource on version control.

## Usage

To render and preview, execute:

```bash
quarto preview
```

## License

## License

[CC-BY-SA](LICENSE)

You are free to

- **share** - copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- **adapt** - remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially

under the following terms:

1) **Attribution** — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate
 if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests
 the licensor endorses you or your use.

2) **ShareAlike** — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your
 contributions under the same license as the original.

## Contributors

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://lennartwittkuhn.com/"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/42233065?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Lennart Wittkuhn"/><br /><sub><b>Lennart Wittkuhn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/issues?q=author%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=lnnrtwttkhn" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#financial-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Financial">💵</a> <a href="#fundingFinding-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Funding Finding">🔍</a> <a href="#ideas-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#mentoring-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Mentoring">🧑‍🏫</a> <a href="#projectManagement-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="#question-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Alnnrtwttkhn" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#talk-lnnrtwttkhn" title="Talks">📢</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/konradpa"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/135045175?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Konrad Pagenstedt"/><br /><sub><b>Konrad Pagenstedt</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/issues?q=author%3Akonradpa" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=konradpa" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-konradpa" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-konradpa" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=konradpa" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#example-konradpa" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#ideas-konradpa" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-konradpa" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Akonradpa" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://www.oneukrainian.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/39889?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Yaroslav Halchenko"/><br /><sub><b>Yaroslav Halchenko</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/issues?q=author%3Ayarikoptic" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/commits?author=yarikoptic" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#infra-yarikoptic" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Ayarikoptic" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

[![Quarto Publish](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/publish.yml)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book?color=ee8449&style=flat-square)](#contributors)
[![Codespell](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lnnrtwttkhn/version-control-book/actions/workflows/codespell.yml)
